
			 Interview with COO Ahsan Naseem- HR of Coeus Solution

Disscuss about the Company , Rules , Company Structure, Clients and Market Dealings.


Projects/ Products : 

	coeus has both projects and product base company.

1. Services: Mostly provide services to any company or customers. for example design and develop web sites or portal, 
		taht scope include all except logo or snapshot of any web-sites.

2. Products: Coeus has its own Products and inhance them to come into market like:
	--> Apatrip : its s Mobile app for Hotals so that they fecilitate their customers.

	--> yourTravelAgent : that is a just like a travel agent, gives all information according to place and provide guidelines.


Customers : 

	Two type of Customers, both big Companies like Meta design and small Projects direct form Customers Side.


1. Meta-Design : Meta design almost gives all projects to coeus, so that that has a great patnership with coeus.

2. E-commee : Coeus done the major development of E-comme.

3. End-Customer : Directly a person want to create a web-site.



Busines Model : 

	Two Types of Contarcts with Customers.


1. Dedicated Development Contract : Meta_Design or E-comme , associated companies hired direct resource from coeus for development, 
	mostly risk at the Client end so less charge to the Client, and pay fixed price at the end of the month. 
	if a php deveoler is hired by Meta-Design, he assign task to him and less risk at the coeus end. 

2: Fixed Price Contarct :  At the End-Customer , they give requirements and a fixed amount of money describe accrording to their work,
	 but if the creeping requirement are there, then price will be incresed,mostly risk at the company side 
	because of creeping requirement , deadlines meet and delay in paymesnts etc, so charge usually high.


Common Disscussion :

Payments: Mostly payment of End-Customers done by the mile stone, after reach at a milestone 

Process Follow: A version of Scrum is followed in Coeus, Mostly we  can say, Agile is Followed.


Languages: For  Web Development php, and for Mobile Apps android an d IOS. Ruby is also introduced in coeus.

Customer Interact: Direct Sales Manager, Project Manager,Quality Assurance, Some Times Team Lead and Software Engineer
		 also interact with Customer.
